Paul Johnson: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning.
Paul Johnson: Meeting.
Paul Johnson: Or any meeting.
Paul Johnson: What am I, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that's okay. We'll get through this really fast, you'll be on about your day here in just a little bit. Okay.
Paul Johnson: Drug and Alcohol, the Charter foot be like getting up at four in the afternoon. They go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, not all of them, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what
Paul Johnson: I always did really good at working in
Paul Johnson: I had them both.
Paul Johnson: California word. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we are going to do your what was called a bio psychosocial
Paul Johnson: Oh god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not painful promise.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't hurt. I'm just going to ask you a bunch of questions. Okay.
Paul Johnson: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First question is why are you seeking treatment now.
Paul Johnson: Why am I seeking treatment outcome or, you know, seek did all the rest of my life.
Paul Johnson: Because I really don't like being strong I
Paul Johnson: Mean i've been i've been seeking treatment for
Paul Johnson: I was a late bloomer on the seeking treatment. Dang.
Paul Johnson: Very like
Paul Johnson: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 8384 again.
Paul Johnson: Is about $2
super food chain.
Paul Johnson: But I'm definitely. I mean, I've never done it. They're free. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you can't hear me. Yeah, I hear you don't hear me.
Paul Johnson: Hello. Hello.
Paul Johnson: Is there anybody out there. Um, you hear me.
Paul Johnson: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi there.
Paul Johnson: Yep. You hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, all right. Yeah, school
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, speaking. So why are you seeking treatment now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to read
Paul Johnson: Because of me.
Paul Johnson: Because I feel weird if I didn't have my whole life.
Paul Johnson: So that I can you clean and my pod told me I have to take it like five second break just to grab my cup in the next room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Alright.
Paul Johnson: Alright, I'm back.
Paul Johnson: Man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God again.
Paul Johnson: I'm sorry, what
Paul Johnson: I'm back. I'm here.
Paul Johnson: I didn't hear what he says, oh,
Paul Johnson: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm okay. And then the next question. The next question. A Yeah. Can you hear me.
Paul Johnson: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Paul Johnson: Yep, yep, I hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the next question is why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next question is for you to tell me about your history with substances and at what age did you first start using and what was it,
Paul Johnson: How did it for getting started to beginning and
Paul Johnson: You better get more paper if you got to mark this stuff down
Paul Johnson: No, actually, um, let's see, it was
Paul Johnson: December I remember that because I missed Christmas and New Year's right away but a figurehead of four week window pane LSD. When I 11 years old 99
Paul Johnson: And
Paul Johnson: Found out you can fly, and it's just been like
Paul Johnson: You know, ever since I got three job induce a heart attack from cocaine in the 70s lady early age was
Paul Johnson: smoking crack
Paul Johnson: In
Paul Johnson: Three base and kind of getting yours.
Paul Johnson: Base, I guess. But anyway, yeah, I got string on that for a while and that and cocaine. I mean, heroin or like
Paul Johnson: Way, way expensive.
Paul Johnson: So I had to sell goes to make bowls and did pretty good at it. But, um,
Paul Johnson: I don't know. I'd like hallucinogens marijuana probably wouldn't be here if it wasn't marijuana is
Paul Johnson: Going to keep things from crawling out of my skin at times.
Paul Johnson: A barbecue food addiction. When I was 12 and 13 years old.
Paul Johnson: High School.
Paul Johnson: Did a year in juvenile
Paul Johnson: I did six months and then broken guys neck and a riot got another six months had it on
Paul Johnson: Me 77 I guess or 36 when I got out.
Paul Johnson: But
Paul Johnson: I've been. I've been a heroin addict. Since I 17 years old I met her in the crate. We've been together and can't shake
Paul Johnson: I mean I have actually
Paul Johnson: But, um, you know,
Paul Johnson: That's about it. I guess I don't know. I'm still still doing still trying nothing
Paul Johnson: Or just starting to try not to say
Paul Johnson: Anything else on that question.
Paul Johnson: Did I put you to sleep.
Paul Johnson: Are you
Paul Johnson: Are you there. Hello. In
Paul Johnson: short questions.
Paul Johnson: Hello. Okay.
Yeah.
Paul Johnson: Hello.
Paul Johnson: Go to the light.
Paul Johnson: Oh hello, hear me. Yeah, yeah, I'm here.
Paul Johnson: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Paul Johnson: You see me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't see you on the fourth row.
Paul Johnson: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hear you. I just can't see you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is your camera on.
Paul Johnson: Probably way better off that way, but no yeah camera.
Paul Johnson: Oh, it's all, it's all, it's all the gold.
You know,
Paul Johnson: You're going to be screwed up.
Yeah, here you
Paul Johnson: Probably Morgan both be so um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I can hear you.
Paul Johnson: disappear again.
Paul Johnson: Some kind of trigger us really spying on me. He would I do when they
Paul Johnson: Make you look like they just appeared your belly really still there right at me.
Paul Johnson: Okay, okay, I'll put the hit down. Don't shoot
Paul Johnson: Did Bob
Paul Johnson: Hello, you come back, been more color.
Paul Johnson: Long County.
Area.
Paul Johnson: I haven't touched my own kids that can you guys I know it's not easy. I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, now I can see you. Okay.
Paul Johnson: I'm sorry.
My zoom
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so the next part of this is any past treatment for substance abuse or mental health.
Paul Johnson: No, no, my parents. Remember
Paul Johnson: Never been to rehab. No.
Paul Johnson: No jail is only rehabilitation.
Ever
Paul Johnson: Hear that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many years total
Paul Johnson: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 10
mass suicide.
Paul Johnson: And suicide attempts.
Paul Johnson: No, no, not any KILLING MYSELF. I MEAN, I did not intentional ones I might have done it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever that 10 or 11
Paul Johnson: Consciously you know I want out, but I don't remember feeling like that. I was always happy that I just got my head kind of wake up and
Paul Johnson: There's been a few
Paul Johnson: But never, never suicide.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past sell a farm cutting or burning yourself or anything like that.
Paul Johnson: No, just ask you
Paul Johnson: I'm not a cutter.
Paul Johnson: And then putting cigarettes out on myself. I use that on the kid.
Paul Johnson: It was a joke actually only kidding.
Paul Johnson: That was a joke. That's where
Paul Johnson: GPS adorn
Paul Johnson: Hello.
Paul Johnson: Again, really. Shut up.
Paul Johnson: Previously, you know, mutilating myself burning up agenda to know. I think that really is.
Paul Johnson: Area me on here. You know me as well. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Yeah.
Paul Johnson: I mean, here I'm here your bag. Hello.
Paul Johnson: 68 degrees today.
Paul Johnson: Okay.
Paul Johnson: You take screen.
Paul Johnson: They are he back
Paul Johnson: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the next part of this is asking about your childhood. What was it like growing up in your family with your parents together your whole life or were you
Paul Johnson: Yeah, yeah. Um,
Paul Johnson: Let's see, my dad married my mom six months after I was born. He still didn't. I didn't know about that one, but I finally figured it out without the pictures but
Paul Johnson: But let's see. And I didn't even know I wouldn't my real dad July 24 years old when I went to get my passport and they came back, we can name on it.
Paul Johnson: I could could mean longer to get it done. I had to go to Peru. But anyway, um, yeah. I never even called him and I found out because my dad was awesome like
Paul Johnson: I worked with him every day doing they're all Young Lords in Beverly Hills Brentwood, like the floor. Dude, to the stars and add so many like movie stars houses and
Paul Johnson: Not even funny. But anyway, um, yeah. I always worked with mom and dad. There appear went on like 20 and I moved down from Oregon and went down to my crack habit thing done there in LA for a while and then came back up this way and stopped off and visited ended up stuck here in 79
Paul Johnson: Never seen my dad drunk ever seen my dad stoned on anything. My dad would have killed me. If you knew like a week.
Paul Johnson: When he was had Parkinson's right before you find a trophy.
Paul Johnson: having a bad day is the first time in like seven years that he actually walked and talked and acted like nothing at all was wrong with him. So we're eating some marijuana
Paul Johnson: Butter on
Paul Johnson: Real cheesy a two of them and
Paul Johnson: For some dad today even talking two or three years and
Paul Johnson: That's the only time I ever find mine and my mom. Same thing, never, never, ever together.
Paul Johnson: My whole life, except for that first six months, they don't think I don't know about. And they died two weeks apart and Christmas December can get 22nd 29 separate diseases like cancer, but in in Parkinson's and
Paul Johnson: Let me bunch of money and I got
Paul Johnson: Party up for real. I went on a real good time and this is still like the end of it took me 10 years
Paul Johnson: Where I'm fading out of it, but
Paul Johnson: I'm a nerd faded out of it.
Paul Johnson: But
Paul Johnson: Then that was my childhood. I didn't even tell floors that paper route tracking
Paul Johnson: And you kind of anime. Think of editor pet women to
Paul Johnson: neighbors who are
Paul Johnson: Free pretty good life. Life for
Paul Johnson: Kids, you turn out to be a drug addict. When he gets older is fucking
Paul Johnson: Blow it all off pretty much
But
Paul Johnson: That's about it.
Paul Johnson: Did you hear me that
Paul Johnson: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Paul Johnson: Oh yeah, I got to two younger sisters, one is two years and one for years younger.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Paul Johnson: I, yeah, I have two sisters that are I got one that's two years younger and one is for your younger
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, here, here.
Paul Johnson: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Did you hear me.
Paul Johnson: Well, yeah.
Paul Johnson: Yeah I did you hear me I had to Chester.
Paul Johnson: Hearing
Paul Johnson: Are you going
Paul Johnson: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Paul Johnson: Tyler just yesterday was really cool is a I got a phone call and I great before I started group yesterday saying, but that tall, Jonathan. Yes. Wow, our grand opening it saved more food, you won the raffle. And I scored this off my chest and I have here behind me.
Paul Johnson: And some
Paul Johnson: Pabst Blue Ribbon beer.
Paul Johnson: Blue Ribbon on it. I have one.
Paul Johnson: Yeah, that was part of my childhood is up to yesterday.
Paul Johnson: For Tom everyone anything except in a casino.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You wanted to casino before
Paul Johnson: Still there. Yeah. Oh yeah, well yeah, never, never, never big that me you know couple grand here and they're doing really good wreck, for I went to prison, but they move those machines have a lot of healing again like 800 a couple times, tonight on one
Paul Johnson: very profitable for a little while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did it every day of the week.
Paul Johnson: Got 800 bucks out of that one machine week straight
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about your time with school
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: High School. Yeah.
Paul Johnson: I hated I hated school is like
Paul Johnson: I'd hyperactive.
Paul Johnson: Ritalin, baby. But, you know, if I know you sell them through. I was and not taking them and I just taking read and that's how I got my little barbecue would have it going, as you know, but um yeah I'd rather fight and eat when I'm hungry. Back then, and
Paul Johnson: I used to spend less time because if I got
Paul Johnson: kicked out of school. My dad would let me just sit on my ass at home. I had to go with him and go to work.
Paul Johnson: You know, and
Paul Johnson: There's big punishment, but at the end of the week. I got a paycheck and I was making more than some of my friends parents know just
Paul Johnson: Doing a we're going to attract big tracks the homes and identities and will a certain strategy.
Paul Johnson: I just start going through cutting all the molding through the floors, who are coming. Get ready, put in and stuff and paid me, Amy, what they pay regular person you know like 12 years old, getting $350 paychecks.
Paul Johnson: Pretty cool you back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Paul Johnson: Oh, you know, it's like I I CUT SCHOOL AT THE LADY across the street for me decided to teach me about sex run for we're holding a nice got school a lot for that too.
Paul Johnson: But
Paul Johnson: That was, I mean. Oh.
Paul Johnson: Charger similar um
Paul Johnson: Yeah, that was kind of weird that part, but it didn't bother me in his time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was the older
Paul Johnson: I know
Paul Johnson: I know she was 36 yeah a little bit older.
Paul Johnson: Yeah. But yeah, she said she was training putting me train, that's how my senior and having fun. I was 28 so I guess it stuck, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Paul Johnson: And, you know, kind of weird, but
Paul Johnson: You close by anyway.
Paul Johnson: While I knew what I know now.
Yeah.
Paul Johnson: I would have cut a lot more school
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there anything that we didn't touch base on that you think is important. We know about you.
Paul Johnson: Um, do you think there's ever going to be another lady.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know what
Paul Johnson: Another moon landing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know.
Paul Johnson: Rather, that no I can't really think game.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So, um, what do you want to work on while you're in treatment. What are some of the things you think you need to work on.
Paul Johnson: Oh, thinking about when turbans as
Paul Johnson: Well pump some Maria Village and we're pumping water up
Paul Johnson: I don't know, I, oh, you mean for my rehabilitation. I don't know. I'm pretty much just a straight and saying that a prison.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: relapse prevention.
Paul Johnson: Uh, yeah, that one. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Paul Johnson: I didn't, I didn't see that box to check. But yeah, that's the one I would have checked in.
Paul Johnson: Prevention. The third one down on the right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, so, uh, you know, that I think what makes it really tough is that you're the environment that you live in, you know, is is
Paul Johnson: You know,
Paul Johnson: What it is, it's like, I mean, when I get out. I mean, when I get off parole or probation or whatever, I'm still going to be in the same place. You know, if I really plan on staying clean, which I wasn't my goal at first, but I'm like, I like this boxing thing and it definitely definitely works.
Paul Johnson: But, um, you know, it's like I'm still gonna be around the same people. I'm not giving up my friends. You know who killed and died for me and everything else, you know, the years to
Paul Johnson: Oh, I'm quitting getting high. So you know I want them to. That's not me. You know, like they're my friends till I die. And I'm not going to quit hanging around them just because I
Paul Johnson: And I get loaded. I mean, you're gonna have to learn to say no and just go with the flow or
Paul Johnson: Playing on and never having a
Paul Johnson: sober living
Paul Johnson: Anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you're doing a great job. I just want to tell you that
Paul Johnson: It then toboggan. You're doing a great job. That's just a mom. I'm like, trying to talk to friends into it that are thinking about
Paul Johnson: Swapping to the other side. And I'm actually trying to help. It's like, oh no, and I hope they don't hang me with the rest of the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Paul Johnson: Just keep it never know.
Paul Johnson: What anti druggie hanging on the
Paul Johnson: Street and people on everyone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So bad on the side that's
Paul Johnson: Not all the way here yet I still got a foot in design over here on the marijuana thing.
Paul Johnson: Yeah, I'm not really going to try to quit that one anytime soon. Like when when they quit making anxiety up but need marijuana children.
Paul Johnson: Probably
Paul Johnson: Tested that one, but other than I'm still trying really hard to say no to using the crank and all that.
Paul Johnson: Good, thank you. It's like
Paul Johnson: That was like the last two times I've done it was more like just to have it is like having a hairy recognition and
Paul Johnson: At first,
Paul Johnson: You know, just like it was I did it 15 minutes ago or something. Yeah.
Yeah.
Paul Johnson: Yeah, it definitely is a really if you don't forget
Paul Johnson: Just because you haven't been around it. You don't forget what it's like as a dancer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like sugar and
Paul Johnson: always kind of felt me my fingers, even if I do quit smoking.
Paul Johnson: To take the place in my smoke.
Paul Johnson: Understandable.
To
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We are officially done with this file site so you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the next time you and I see each other. I want you to think about besides relapse prevention. Are there anything else that you want to work on with me while you're in treatment, I can certainly teach you. You know how to identify how to put barriers in place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For relapse. I can teach you all the things that there is to learn about that, you know, but you know as well as I do. Ultimately, you're going to have to apply them right
Right.
Paul Johnson: Okay.
Paul Johnson: So that's where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I still have this
Paul Johnson: IS SAYING ON THIS JUST SAYING DON'T GO don't go. I got a little angel over here on his shoulder and the one with the horns over here and it's, it can be whipping it at that time, but yet it dragged him all the way up on my shoulder yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Paul Johnson: Dental battle going on but
Paul Johnson: It is a battle and yeah I mean like
Paul Johnson: It's like, yeah, I'd like I'd like to be clean, but I'm not. I haven't ever been clean and it's like
Paul Johnson: Only reason I'm trying to get clean and probation, but it same kind of I'm I feel good. Yeah. I enjoy it very much feeling of being clean but it'd be nice if all the money and make cars and job and let's just all came right in place with it, trying to do it.
Paul Johnson: Oh, well, maybe the next
Paul Johnson: Who knows, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Paul Johnson: One of these days, maybe the other side to to hire old people, and I'll get jobs like you're going out of style again.
Paul Johnson: Really, I don't really. I don't want to work at 711 or Burger King.
Paul Johnson: I don't know. It's getting harder and harder to find jobs. I really feel like applying myself to like dry walling let's find a time. No problem. Nowadays,
Paul Johnson: Many of us up now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Young men.
Paul Johnson: doing wrong and on a feeling, and I'll finish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, I do. Definitely. Okay, well I'm gonna let you go and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you in group and thanks for
Paul Johnson: Same time, same place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Same time, same place.
Paul Johnson: Yep. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I was a man have a great
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day. Thank you.
Bye.